9 January 2026 
 
 
Air Astana Joint Stock Company 
 
 
Notice of the Extraordinary General Meeting of Shareholders of Air Astana JSC 
 
Air Astana Joint Stock Company ( “Air Astana JSC” or the “Company”), location of the 
executive body – 4A Zakarpatskaya Street, Turksib District, Almaty, 050039, the Republic 
of Kazakhstan , gives notice  that the Board of Directors has decided to convene an 
Extraordinary General Meeting of Shareholders (“EGM”) of Air Astana JSC on 9 February 
2026 at 11 :00 AM (Almaty time) at the following address: Ю-Liter (Block Ю), 4В 
Kuldzhinsky Trakt, Medeu District , Almaty, the Republic of Kazakhstan. Registration of 
participants of the EGM will start at 09:00 AM (Almaty time). 
 
The EGM will be held in person , in accordance with Articles  35-37, 39-48, 50-52 of the 
Law of the Republic of Kazakhstan No.415-II “On Joint Stock Companies” dated 13 May 
2003. 
 
In the event that the EGM does not take place on the above date, it will be rescheduled 
for 10 February 2026 at 11:00 AM (Almaty time). 
 
Shareholders registered by the Central Securities Deposit ory as shareholders in the 
register of holders of shares as of 12 January 2026 (00:00 Almaty time) are entitled to 
attend the EGM and vote at it. 
 
To register for participation in the EGM, participants will need to provide their identity 
documents and shareholders’ representatives are required to present duly executed  
power of attorney to participate in the meeting with the right to vote. 
 
The EGM is held in the presence of shareholders and/or their representatives, as well as 
certain employees and all or some members of the Board of Directors of the Company. 
Decisions on the agenda of the EGM are made by voting. After shareholders vote on the 
agenda items, the results of the EGM will be summarized and then be published in the 
prescribed manner. 
 
Proposed agenda of the EGM: 
 
1. On deciding on the conclusion by Air Astana JSC of a major transaction for the 
acquisition of Airbus А320neo family aircraft for the amount constituting fifty (50) 
per cent or more of the total amount of the balance sheet value of the assets of Air 
Astana JSC. 
2. On approval of the restated Policy of Remuneration of the Members of the Board 
of Directors of Air Astana JSC. 
3. On election (re -election) of the members of the Board of Directors of Air Astana 
JSC and determination of the term of office of the Board of Directors of Air Astana 
JSC. 
4. On election of the Chairman of the Board of Directors of Air Astana JSC. 
5. On approval of the amount and terms of remuneration and compensations to the 
Independent Directors of Air Astana JSC. 

 
Materials on the agenda of the EGM: 
 
The Company’s shareholders can access the materials relating to the above agenda of 
the EGM by sending a request with documents certifying the shareholder’s status attached 
to the following e -mail address: gsm.materials@airastana.com, or at the Co mpany’s 
executive body office at the following address: 4A Zakarpatskaya Street, Turksib District, 
Almaty, 050039, the Republic of Kazakhstan. The materials of the EGM will be available 
for shareholders to review not later than ten days before the meeting. Shareholders can 
request to have materials to be sent to them within three working days of the receipt of 
such a request. Charges for copies of the documents and docu ment delivery are at the 
expense of shareholders. 
 
Disclosure of information on national ownership by shareholders 
 
In accordance with the provisions of Article 74-1 of the Law of the Republic of Kazakhstan 
No. 339 -IV “On the Use of the Airspace of the Republic of Kazakhstan and Aviation 
Activity” dated 15  July 2010 (the “Aviation Law”) and Article 8.1 of the Charter of the 
Company, each person holding, as of 12 January 2026, the common shares of Air Astana 
JSC and/or global depositary receipts  representing common shares of Air Astana JSC  
(the “shareholder”) and wishing to attend the EGM and participate in voting must provide 
Air Astana JSC with information on citizenship (country of incorporation) of the shareholder 
itself, as well as on citizenship of the ultimate owners exercising effective control over such 
shareholder as per the form “Information on Shareholder and its Ultimate Owners”  (the 
“Nationality Information ”), posted on the Company’s website: 
https://ir.airastana.com/media/Demand for disclosure.docx . An illustrative example for 
filling in the form “Information on Shareholder and its Ultimate Owners” is available on the 
website of the Company: Example of the filled form 
 
The shareholder wishing to attend the EGM and/or participate in voting , who has not 
provided the Nationality Information earlier or whose Nationality Information has changed 
since it has been provided , must provide Air Astana with the Nationality Information not 
later than 3 February 2026 in the Kazakh, or Russian, or English language by sending 
the Nationality Information to the following email address of Air Astana: 
investor.relations@airastana.com 
 
The individual shareholders who are the citizens of the Republic of Kazakhstan will be 
able to satisfy this requirement and participate in the EGM by presenting an identity card 
of a citizen of Kazakhstan at the registration for participation in the EGM. 
 
Air Astana JSC hereby reminds that, in accordance with the provisions of Clauses 4 and 
5 of Article 74-1 of the Aviation Law, as well as Article s 8.8 and 8.9 of the Charter of Air 
Astana JSC: 
 
1. in the event of partial or complete failure by the shareholder to provide the Nationality 
Information, such shareholder: (1) is not counted towards the quorum of the EGM of 
Air Astana JSC ; and (2) is not entitled to take part in voting and/or discussion of 
matters considered by the EGM of Air Astana JSC; 
 
2. in the event the shareholder provides false information which is discovered after 
adoption of the relevant decision by the EGM of Air Astana JSC: (1) if that decision 
was voted for by the majority of voting shares (without taking into account the voting 
shares of the shareholder who provided the fal se information), the decision of the 
EGM of Air Astana JSC is considered to be adopted without taking into account the 
votes of the specified shareholder, subject to meeting the requirements for a quorum; 
and (2) if the vote of the shareholder who provided the false information was a casting 
vote, such circumstance is a ground for invalidation of the respective decision of the 
EGM of Air Astana JSC.  
 
 
Enquiries: 
 
Investor Relations Service 
 
Corporate Secretary Service 
investor.relations@airastana.com 
 
gsm.materials@airastana.com  
 
  
 
 
About the Air Astana Group 
 
Air Astana Group (Air Astana JSC and Fly Arystan JSC) is the largest airline group in 
Central Asia and the Caucasus regions by revenue and fleet size. The Group operates a 
fleet of 62 aircraft split between Air Astana  JSC, its full -service airline that operated its 
inaugural flight in 2002, and FlyArystan JSC, its low-cost airline established in 2019. The 
Group provides scheduled, point -to-point and transit, short -haul and long -haul air travel 
and cargo on domestic, regional and international routes across Central Asia, the 
Caucasus, the Far East, the Gulf, India and Europe. Air Astana JSC has been recognised 
by Skytrax as the Best Airline in Central Asia and CIS fourteen years running and received 
the Best Airline Staff Service in Central Asia and CIS award nine times in a row. FlyArystan 
JSC has been recognised as the Best Low -Cost Carrier in Central Asia and CIS at the 
Skytrax awards three times. Additionally, Air Astana JSC was awarded a five-star rating 
in the major airline category by the Airline Passenger Experience Association (APEX). Air 
Astana JSC is listed on the Kazakhstan Stock Exchange, Astana International Exchange 
and London Stock Exchange (ticker symbol: AIRA). 
 
